# KMT -- Knowledge Management Tool

## Planning Effort:
Upon the release of the RFI Pre-Qualified Vendor Pool for Agile Development, we formed a [multidisciplinary team](https://github.com/xFusionTech/KMT/blob/master/ReadMe_EvidenceFiles/Project%20Team/Roles%20and%20Responsibilities.pdf) of highly experienced Information Technology (IT) professionals, with relevant experience of working in agile software development projects, to collaborate and work on creating the prototype. Our team members have worked with one another in previous projects and this allowed us to conform quickly as a team and assign work based on each team member’s strengths. The team then designated a Product Manager who was made responsible for leading the team and being accountable for the quality of prototype being submitted.

Since we had a smaller time-frame to carry out the project, we decided to go ahead with five sprints to complete the project. The team adopted a Scrum-based approach to development and created the roadmap required to meet the Minimal Value Plan (MVP) for the Working Prototype. Sprint planning included translating the MVP into five sprints, creating high level user stories and determining how the Prototype architecture and infrastructure would be built to support the roadmap. We went ahead with modern tools and techniques with which we were already familiar with, thus reducing the ramp up time. This Planning effort was completed within three days of receipt of the RFI and development began immediately. Our execution process was extremely disciplined, complete with formal demos and retrospectives with each sprint, and a complete story board designed with the help of Trello Board overlaying our GitHub Issues and Stories. Our team conducted daily scrum meetings to understand the current standing and areas of improvement. 

During the course of our project, we have heavily relied on collaborative development and communication tools such as GitHub and JIRA. The result of our efforts is a collaboratively designed and built Working Prototype that meets the MVP of the RFI requirements using modern, open source technologies within a smaller time frame.
